Create slack-guidelines.md (#248)
cilium/community: slack-guidelines.md

# 🌐 Cilium and eBPF Community Slack Guidelines

Welcome to the Cilium and eBPF Slack! This is a space for users, contributors, and maintainers to collaborate, ask questions, and share ideas around **Cilium**, **Hubble**, **Tetragon**, and the broader **eBPF ecosystem**.

> To keep our community welcoming and productive, we ask that you follow these guidelines.

Author: ```suggestion
To keep our community welcoming and productive, we ask that you follow these guidelines. If you have any questions about them, please reach out to the [Cilium community team](https://github.com/cilium/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTOR-ROLES.md#community-team).
```

## 📜 Code of Conduct

All Slack activity is governed by the [CNCF Code of Conduct](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md). Be respectful, inclusive, and considerate in your communication.

If you experience or witness behavior that violates the Code of Conduct, please reach out to a maintainer or email [conduct@cncf.io](mailto:conduct@cncf.io).

## Slack Best Practices

- **Be Respectful and Inclusive**: Follow the CNCF Code of Conduct in all interactions.
- **Use Threads**: Keep discussions organized by replying in threads.
- **Stick to the Channel Topic**: Post in the most relevant channel and stay on topic.
- **No Cross-Posting**: Don’t repeat the same question in multiple channels.

> - **Don’t DM Without Permission**: Always ask before sending a direct message.

Reviewer: As a core contributor, I want people to learn from one another and build relationships in the community to help one another out. I find that usually when someone is directly reaching out to me privately, that can often deprive others of the opportunity to participate in the discussion or learn from it. It also creates pressure that I am solely responsible to respond, because no-one else can respond to a question or discussion topic in the DM.

> - **Don’t DM Without Permission**: Always ask before sending a direct message.

Author: Yea, the intent behind this was to limit unsolicited requests for support via DM. @qmonnet your example totally makes sense and I'm not trying to limit that. Just coming up with a common wording for these two different use cases is difficult 😅 Open to suggestions if you have a better idea

> - **Don’t DM Without Permission**: Always ask before sending a direct message.

Reviewer 2: I think at the very least, we should mention something like https://nohello.net/en/ or something.

> - **Don’t DM Without Permission**: Always ask before sending a direct message.

Reviewer 3: Let's keep your wording Bill, so that there's the guideline in place to discourage unsolicited technical questions; then common sense applies, and people _will_ reach out without asking anyway when it does make sense. I don't have a good phrasing in mind, I think dealing with multiple cases would either be convoluted or would be too generic to deter people from unsolicited support requests in DM.

> - **Don’t DM Without Permission**: Always ask before sending a direct message.

Author: Yea, I guess the idea would be point to the "rule" where it make sense and ignore it or don't mention when it is clear that both parties are interested.

> - **Don’t DM Without Permission**: Always ask before sending a direct message.

Reviewer 4: Hmmm, there are some important exceptions to this: 
* If someone has sent something that is moderated as spam, and we want to let them know why we are removing the message
* Contact about potential CoC issues
* It seems just noise, and potentially disruptive, if we were to ping someone publicly to ask them if it's OK to ping them privately to invite them to take part in a talk session at KubeCon, be on eCHO, etc
* As it stands this guideline prevents someone from sending a nice DM that doesn't require a follow-up, for example to congratulate them on something or thank them for something

How about we get more specific about the behaviours we're trying to discourage, and explain why, something like this:

**Don't DM about technical questions without permission**: firstly because there might be other people who can learn from the discussion if it's in public, and secondly because it puts pressure on the recipient to respond, and adds to their workload, when there might be other people who could just as easily help you.

> - **Don’t DM Without Permission**: Always ask before sending a direct message.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Don't DM about technical questions without permission**: Always ask before sending a direct message or ask in public so everyone can learn.
```

- **No Spam or Promotions**: Commercial or promotional content is not allowed, unless explicitly permitted in a specific channel.
- **Keep Company Business Elsewhere**: Use your company’s own tools for proprietary or internal discussions.
- **Jobs & Resumes:** `#careers` Nowhere else.

> - **Events**: Only post nonprofit, community-focused events in channels where they’re directly relevant.

Author: What do you think about the general suggestion I added at the top? https://github.com/cilium/community/pull/248/files#r2141139553

> - **Events**: Only post nonprofit, community-focused events in channels where they’re directly relevant.

Reviewer 3: Looks good :slightly_smiling_face:
